							
							-Read Me-
							
						Angelina O’Toole
		My gameplay modification that I believed to fit the ‘Significant and Original’ 
criteria is that I utilized an existing asset from the Sugar Land game files and coded 
the candy to be a speed power-up! I included one of the two required sound effects on 
this, when the candy is picked up it sounds like a sudden woosh of energy overcoming 
the player and doubles their speed from the PowerPickup script I created! I also created 
a burst visual effect upon pickup of the powerup.
I added another audio effect on a vending machine asset I used (also from the Sugar Land 
game files) and I believe this meets criteria for the sound effect even though it loops, 
the sounds are only heard by the player when they get close enough and I located a script 
for there to be multiple audio clips that randomly play while the player is close.
Lastly, one more visual element was added by me which is animating the VenDing machine to 
appear as an NPC in the land and could potentially be developed into a place where the player 
could buy items to help in game progression. This asset came with an animator on it already 
however I changed the sprites that are rendered to fit the positioning of the VenDing machine 
more appropriately!


					Sources:
Girardot, O. (2019, October 23). Free sound effects pack: Audio sound FX. Unity Asset Store. 
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/audio/sound-fx/free-sound-effects-pack-155776

Nirvanage. (2016a, June 1). Future beeps lite edition: Audio sound FX. Unity Asset Store.
 https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/audio/sound-fx/future-beeps-lite-edition-63357


						Daelyn Wilson
	To start I knew from the beginning my goal. I was not able to add it on my last 
project so this time I was commited to finally making a key system (or learn it). 
Originally I did have a simple invintory system I added that would detect if you collided 
with the Wrench object. I also completed the art of it myself, so no source there! However,
when I was looking over my code I realized I had over complicated it for myself and just had
to make it so the launch action was disabled until you came into contact with the Wrench, so
I made it less crazy. I changed the dialogue of the NPC to fit this new narrative, so when you
talk with them they will say the Wrench is in the park somewhere. Can't fix the robots until 
you find it, so I felt that was a significant change. I took your automatic skill. 
	Animation wise I added a frog to the park area and a bunny that will run across the screen
when you "spook" it. It's meant to act as a fun way to add more life to the park areas. I 
made all the art for it as basic pixel art isn't too hard for me to complete and does not 
require too much time. I used the same method as the Jambidle NPC animation, so it just has 
different sprites. I did not want to get too complicated... I say knowing full well I added 
a condition script to "spook" the rabbit. That's all it does though. It detects if the player
or someone collides with the 2D object. Bunny then runs.
	Audio I had a couple ideas for and I did source these. They were both found on Pixabay.
I did play around with finding different music, but none of them I could find would loop in a
way that made sense or not jarring. I added a sound effect to picking up the wrench. The file
is sort of quiet, but it's there. I also added it so that when you fix the Robots a wrench sound
plays to sort of signify that you fixed the robot. I was tempted to doing a funny metal clang,
but it would get old fast and I was checking it worked everytime. I stuck with the narrative.
	
	
						Sources:
AlsakaRobotics (FreeSound)(August 25, 2022) "racget socket wrench tool" Pixabay 
https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/ratchet-socket-wrench-tool-95253/

Mricky13 (FreeSound)(Autust 9, 2021) "Item Equip" Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/item-equip-6904/